The head of Cloud City personally ordered
Let our school be suspended indefinitely for rectification
That's not possible.
This kid is so capable of making a phone call
That's okay.
My Zhao family spoke in front of the market
One phone call and it's done.
Solve your shit
Your Zhao family has been famous by Yuncheng
Nonsense
Who dares to touch my Yuncheng Zhao family?
You are the culprit father
Hello talk
Mr. Zhao's shares in the accident group plummeted
Assets evaporated, and the shares of the group responsible for the accident plunged
Loss of assets to be a young master of tens of billions
The building and the Zhao mansion were sealed off
Zhao Jiahan was included in the list of untrustworthy
It also deprives us of our
The bravery of Voice City is in the middle of the game
That won't work.
Is this ashes?
Huo what
Down payment Our school was inexplicably shut down
You have to think of a way to solve this matter.
I am the police, and his severe punishment is heaven and earth
Who should change guns in my school?
Who dares to change guns?
Chao Ge
That's the guy.
He made a tip-off call.
Not only does our school have it?
The Zhao family has another report call.
How can the head of Yuncheng directly order
Banning my school is ridiculous
kid
I can see the mountains in the upper world of the clouds
But I've never met someone like you
But since you dare to rob his mother
That's amazing about you.
Let him see you, ordinary man
Ordinary people dare to play on Tai Sui's head
Schools are places to teach.
As a result, I was confused by these people
Since you can't teach budding flowers
He is a bully.
person
good boy
Wet your mind
But unfortunately
The hot blood is worth it, and you still laugh
This is my school.
How dare you, an ordinary person, touch me?
It's going to take my face
Your face is shit
Dog stuff
Don't think it's amazing that you can move to Yuncheng Zhao's house
In Yuncheng, you must dare to offend the culprit
Just pierced the sky
Su Chang, don't make trouble
It's so big, how will it end?
money
No one can cover the sky with one hand
I'll show you.
Mr Wang
Why did you shut down my school?
Our relationship
Excuse me?
I can't remember
In addition, the order to close the school came from the top of the map
Man of Law
That is below one person and above all others.
Don't contact me again from now on
I'm afraid you provoke him.
Finally lied to me with blood
What's going on here?
The world is beautiful
Can stand tall in the empire
There is only one person below one person and above all others
But he is